 Hi!

 I thought of a couple of features I miss in the version I use.
 The necessary modifications in Java aren't a big deal for me, but I can't modify the delphi component.
 Please try to make up your mind to each point: is it possible, how much time do you need, is it clever or not, etc.
 Finally you tell me how much money you think  the tasks are worth. I will then ask my boss wether he will give it a go or not.

 Here are the features requests, please ask wether if something is unclear or not prcaticable:
 
        - Write:
        I need the possibility of writing back bools, integers, possibly strings to opc items.
        I have little Idea of technical details, but I know that there is such a interface, just like reading
        
        -synchronous processing:
        At the moment I can only send asynchronous requests down to delphi (add server,
        add item to server, read item and so on). when something goes wrong, like adding a item which is not available in a server,
        I just get null pointers when trying to read the items. There is this IConnectionCallbackBontainer,
        which shows up in the log, if I could just listen there or get a return value like true or false, I'd be very happy :)
        
        -exceptions:
        depends on synchronous processing, when calling operations I'd prefer try catch blocks instead of
        catching null pointers lateron. If not
        
        alternative: return value of a certain String as a return code or int?
        
        -logging:
        at the moment the delphi component uses a Report class. That's fine, but I can't define the format of the log,
        the level. is it possible to call java methods from delphi? so I could think of an interface like
        
        public interface ILog {
          void log(String message, String level);
        }

        -Ping: I want to check if the opc server is still alive


 tell me what you think...

 mit freundlichen Grüßen
 Stefan Bungert

 Plecto AG
 Kampenwandstr. 90
 83229 Aschau

 Tel.: +49 (0) 8052-95 732-0
 Fax:  +49 (0) 8052-95 732-22
 Web:  www.plecto.com 